Alice's home is equipped with sensors and actuators connected to 
multiple SSHs (Samsung Secure Hubs).  A smart security monitor 
watches Alice's home when she is away.

We implement two sets of demo scenarios.  The first will focus on 
reliability and will demonstrate Rivulet's ability to gracefully 
overcome hub/sensor/link failures.  These scenarios are to be 
defined by Masoud and Rayman.

The second set of scenarios focuses on security.  It goes along 
the following lines: Eve-the-Blackhat wants to virtually 
infiltrate the smart home.  Her evil plans include (a) accessing 
sensor data streams to remotely detect when there is noone at home 
or to spy on the inhabitants, (b) disabling the intrusion 
detection system, or (c) hacking the intrusion detection system to 
open smart doorlocks granting Eve physical access to the smart 
home.

In order to get behind the security perimeter of Alice's home 
(along with many other homes), Eve plants a trojan inside a free 
home entertainment app.  Millions of users, including Alice, 
download and install the app on their home networks.  

Now that the trojan is running inside Alice's home, Eve is in 
control of the entire home network, including all smart sensors 
and actuators.  Or that's what she thinks.  Worry not, Alice's 
home is still completely secure.  Eve's trojan was installed 
within a virtual container, which confines it to a network of 
virtual machines that can communicate with each other, but do not 
have direct access to the Internet or other applications or 
devices inside the smart home.  All such accesses are mediated by 
a virtual router, which enforces a high-level security policy.  
The policy decides what resources are available to each container.  
For example, it may prohibit an application obtained from an 
untrusted source to access both a video camera feed and the 
Internet or to establish connections to trusted applications.  
Furthermore, all authorized communication is redirected via an 
Intrusion Detection System (IDS), which checks it against a 
database of attack fingerprints.

The actual demonstration may include two network setups 
(conventional and secure) seating side by side.  Installing a 
trojan in the conventional network leads to visible consequences 
(e.g., locks are opened or a video camera feed appears on the 
"intruder's" screen).  Installing the same trojan on the secure 
network does not affect its functionality, and a message is sent 
to Alice notifying her about the intrusion attempt.
